README.md, before:

# KO SEONG MIN
# :computer: Algorithm
[![Solved.ac Profile](http://mazassumnida.wtf/api/v2/generate_badge?boj=rhtjdals1723)](https://solved.ac/rhtjdals1723)
###
    
# :wrench: Skills

### 
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=Python&logoColor=white)
![PyPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyPy-193440.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=PyPy&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%2B%2B-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![Shell script](https://img.shields.io/badge/Shell_Script-121011?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white) 
###

#
### 
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=Git&logoColor=white)
![PyCharm](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyCharm-000000.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=PyCharm&logoColor=white)
![UnrealEngine5](https://img.shields.io/badge/unrealengine-0E1128.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unrealengine&logoColor=white)
###
#

# :trophy: Awards and Honors
###
### :crown: Awards
-  \(2023.07.31\) Summer Vacation CCC 3rd Prize
- \(2023.11.11\) IGRUS Newbie Programming Contest 3rd Prize
###
### :pencil: License
-
#

# :mailbox_with_mail: Contacts
[![Naver Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Naver-03C75A?style=flat-square&logo=Naver&logoColor=white&link=mailto:rhtjdals1723@naver.com)](mailto:rhtjdals1723@naver.com)

Commit message:

Add honors section to README

README.md, after:

# KO SEONG MIN
# :computer: Algorithm
[![Solved.ac Profile](http://mazassumnida.wtf/api/v2/generate_badge?boj=rhtjdals1723)](https://solved.ac/rhtjdals1723)
###
    
# :wrench: Skills

### 
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=Python&logoColor=white)
![PyPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyPy-193440.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=PyPy&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%2B%2B-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![Shell script](https://img.shields.io/badge/Shell_Script-121011?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white) 
###

#
### 
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=Git&logoColor=white)
![PyCharm](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyCharm-000000.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=PyCharm&logoColor=white)
![UnrealEngine5](https://img.shields.io/badge/unrealengine-0E1128.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unrealengine&logoColor=white)
###
#

# :trophy: Awards and Honors
###
### :crown: Awards
-  \(2023.07.31\) Summer Vacation CCC 3rd Prize
- \(2023.11.11\) IGRUS Newbie Programming Contest 3rd Prize
### :crown: Honors
- \(2026.01.10\) Shake! (Participating in the competition as one of the 10 representatives from Inha University)
### :pencil: License
-
#

# :mailbox_with_mail: Contacts
[![Naver Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Naver-03C75A?style=flat-square&logo=Naver&logoColor=white&link=mailto:rhtjdals1723@naver.com)](mailto:rhtjdals1723@naver.com)
